Edit v12 (#774)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/mia-platform-v12.mdx

Start creating your first Project with the Enhanced Workflow, and unlock the potential of GitOps!

:::info
This is a BETA feature and, as such, is currently under active development. Pay attention using it.
:::

To learn more about all the advantages offered by this feature and its future developments roadmap, take a look at the video below and read the [official documentation](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/enhanced-project-workflow.md).

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RvEn12wYZi8?si=uAJpkk4NDhwkoktg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Enriching Fast Data No-Code

We further improved the No-Code functionalities of Mia-Platform Fast Data, and now you it will only takes you 1 hour to aggregate a Single View from scratch.
Below you can find a video that shows you how it works.  

> To learn more, please refer to the [documentation](#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, please refer to the [documentation](/fast_data/configuration/config_maps/aggregation.md#use-the-no-code).
```

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tvjjawZGH9k?si=eefU5TKfMpBLvexv" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ### Import and export between projects

Reviewer: @TheRusCompass here

It is now possible to import and export different assets from one project to another.
The assets that can be imported and exported include:

- Projections;
- Single Views;
- Configurations.

> To learn more about this feature, visit the [related documentation](#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about this feature, visit the [related documentation](/fast_data/configuration/import_export.md).
```

> IMAGE

Reviewer: Image here?

> 
> IMAGE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Refactored architecture

We refactored the architecture of Mia-Platform Fast Data to enable the integration of new technologies and services.  
The new architecture has significantly improved overall performance.

> For more info, go to the [documentation](#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more info, go to the [documentation](/fast_data/architecture.md#event-driven-architecture).
```

## Internal Company Marketplace

With Mia-Platform v12 it is now possible to configure individual Marketplace services so that they are exclusively accessible to members of your company.  

To learn more about this feature, take a look at the video below and read the [official documentation](/marketplace/add_to_marketplace/contributing_overview.md#public-and-internal-company-marketplace).

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YFwTAZmPSsc?si=KQz6LrorFth0GIlo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ## Microfrontend Composer (formerly BackOffice)

Reviewer: @TheRusCompass here

Mia-Platform Backoffice is now called Microfrontend Composer. You will find all the documentation updated with the new name. 
Thanks to it, you can seamlessly compose complex internal apps using both ready‑to-use and custom libraries and templates.
We improved the development experience to make it as smooth and intuitive as possible by enhancing the No-Code functionality.
Microfrontend Composer still leverages the open-source tool [micro-lc](https://micro-lc.io/docs).  

> Take a look at the video below to see its potential, and the read the full [documentation](#) for all the information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a look at the video below to see its potential.
```

:::info
This page is work in progress, come back soon for updates!
:::

Welcome to Mia-Platform v12! This latest major release is focused on scaling Developer Experience (DevX).
Let's take a closer look to all the new features included in Mia-Platform v12.

## GitOps in Pull

Mia-Platform Consle used to support just GitOps in Push approach. 
Now, we implemented also the GitOps in Pull approach, letting you decide which one to choose.
When starting a new Project, you will be able to choose which approach adopt for that project.
The GitOps in Pull approach has several benefits from a security perspective.
To learn more about this feature, take a look at the video below or read the [full documentation](#).

## Mia-Platform Fast Data

We further improved the No-Code functionalities of Mia-Platform Fast Data, and now you it will only takes you 1 hour to aggregate a Single View from scratch.
Below you can find a video that shows you how it works. To learn more, please refer to the [documentation](#).

### Import and export between projects

> Moreover, now you can import and export several assets from one project to another.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is now possible to import and export different assets from one project to another.
```

> The assets you can import and export include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The assets that can be imported and exported include:
```

- Projections;
- Single Views;
- Configurations.

Everything is fully explained in the related [documentation](#).

### Refactored architecture

> We refactored the architecture of Mia-Platform Fast Data to empower new technology integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We refactored the architecture of Mia-Platform Fast Data to enable the integration of new technologies and services.
```

> Now, it will be easier to integrate with new services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> Also, the new architecture improves the overall performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The new architecture has significantly improved overall performance.
```

Learn more on the [documentation](#).

> ## Marketplace

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Mia-Platform Marketplace
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ### Internal Company Marketplace or Privatized Marketplace

> Now you can configure individual services on the Marketplace to be accessible exclusively by your company's members.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With Mia-Platform v12 it is now possible to configure individual Marketplace services so that they are exclusively accessible to members of your company.
```

Watch the video below to learn more about how it works and refer to the [documentation](#) for further details.

> 

Reviewer 2: <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/YFwTAZmPSsc?si=KQz6LrorFth0GIlo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Also, from now you can manage Marketplace items through CLI. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
###  Marketplace management through CLI
```

> Thanks to Miactl (Mia-Platform CLI), it will be possible to manage the company's Marketplace items without having to use the CMS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thanks to [Miactl (Mia-Platform CLI)](https://docs.mia-platform.eu/docs/cli/miactl/overview), it is possible to manage items in the company Marketplace without having to use the CMS.

```

> ## Microfrontend Composer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Microfrontend Composer (formerly BackOffice)
```

> Mia-Platform Backoffice is now called Microfrontend Composer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mia-Platform Backoffice is now called Microfrontend Composer. You will find all the documentation updated with the new name. 
```

Thanks to it, you can seamlessly compose complex internal apps using both ready‑to-use and custom libraries and templates.

> We put a lot of effort in making it as much no-code as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We improved the development experience to make it as smooth and intuitive as possible by enhancing the No-Code functionality.
```

> Last but not least, it is based on the open-source tool [micro-lc](https://micro-lc.io/docs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Microfrontend Composer still leverages the open-source tool [micro-lc](https://micro-lc.io/docs).
```

Take a look at the video below to see its potential, and the read the full [documentation](#) for all the information.

:::info

> The video was recorded before the new name was applied in production.
> If you see different namings, this is the reason.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This video was recorded before the new name was implemented in production. 
Observed naming differences explained by this timing variance.
```

:::

> 

Reviewer 2: <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ap6BKyWxQpk?si=uqBnS_EvkQnLCVbd" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## A brand new navigation

> We renewed the navigation of Mia-Platform Console, to make it even more user-friendly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We renewed the navigation of Mia-Platform Console, to make it even more developer-friendly. The design is engineered to reduce cognitive load, cut distraction points, increase focus and streamline navigation within the Mia-Platform Console.
```

> This feature is in preview, and you can activate it from user settings to see what will change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is in Preview, and you can activate it from user settings (Top-Right Profile Icon > Feature Preview > Toggle) to test it.
```

> Below you can see a video that gives you a more detailed idea of the full navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Manual Launch Of CronJobs

Users with permissions can now trigger CronJobs for immediate execution directly from the Runtime area.
This is very helpful when you made some changes and the cronjob is scheduled to run on a non-working hour.
Learn more [here](#).

## API Gateway Listener Management

Mia-Platform Console now allows easy configuration of endpoint exposure on desired hosts, eliminating the need to manually specify it in the YAML file.
Learn more [here](#).

## Manage Event Webhook From UI

Create your own custom deployment mechanism with Webhooks. Webhooks allow users to create custom logic when specific events occur.

> Learn more [here](#).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Watch the video or learn more [here](#).

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_Vq6mYHY728?si=WPpYOWdef6LCo3xt" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

```
